are you familiar in these parts of the
frontier not with this part not yet
[Music]
there is an episode of hysteria about
the barbarians I have orders to obey
[Music]
I'm speaking of particular situations
situations where I am probing for the
truth since all is not well here I
expect further measures will be taken
some jobs are conducting operations to
correct the situation that you've
allowed to them
what did they do to you you want me to
take you back to your family the
barbarians whom you are chasing this is
their land they know every inch of it
you do not did you really say that there
will be a great war against the Empire
pain is truth that is how you get it you
have no idea how tiresome your behavior
is
you are an obscene torture we have set
procedures ready to go in treasonous lis
consorting with the enemy
get out I want these people out of here
[Music]
we will end these troubles
[Applause]
we will put down the enemy
and that will be the end of it
[Applause]
you